\documentclass[10pt]{gratisu-letter}
\usepackage{enumerate}

\begin{document}
\begin{letter}{Bill \& Melinda Gates Foundation \\ 440 5th Ave N., \\ Seattle, WA 98109}

\opening{To whom it may concern:}

In the event the grant is awarded, the Ohio State University
Department of Mathematics and GratisU (hereafter referred to as ``The
Parties'') will partner together to implement an adaptive
undergraduate calculus course (the ``Adaptive Course'') that will be
provided by the Ohio State University Department of Mathematics over
three consecutive semesters.
 
The Parties acknowledge and agree in advance that in implementing the
Adaptive Course, the Ohio State University Department of Mathematics,
with assistance from third party technical assistance providers
(hereafter the ``TA Providers''), will be required to conduct a
rigorous and detailed research evaluation of the implementation and
course outcomes which will be developed and documented in a case
study.  Accordingly, the Parties agree that the grant activities will
be conducted and managed consistent with the foundation's charitable
purpose of ensuring ``Global Access'' requiring
\begin{enumerate}[(a)]
\item the knowledge gained during the Project be promptly and broadly
  disseminated and
\item the intended products be made available and accessible at
  reasonable cost to support education, including state educational
  agencies, school districts, other public and private school systems,
  post-secondary institutions and public libraries.
\end{enumerate}
GratisU, a nonprofit entity, is a permanent repository for free and
open online learning materials and is therefore well-positioned to
ensure that the resulting adaptive platform reaches the widest
possible audience.

GratisU acknowledges that the Applicant and TA Providers may interview
certain of its employees, students and contractors regarding the
implementation as part of the research evaluation and develop a case
study, intended for public release, based on the implementation of the
Adaptive Course.
 
Any data, including course data, student and faculty activity data,
anonymized student performance data and anonymized student profile
data (age, geography, intended use of the course, self-reported income
level, Pell grant status, self-reported level of academic attainment)
will be captured and co- owned by the Applicant and the Provider to
enable research and analysis.  If Applicant is selected as a grantee,
Applicant will include such data to the foundation as required by a
grant agreement to be entered into with the foundation.
 
\closing{Best,}

\end{letter}

\end{document}
